[terra-collapsible-menu-view]CollapsibleMenuViewItem added the props for Button. (#1902)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-collapsible-menu-view/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Added
>   *Added the customProps `isSelectable`, `isSelectedButton` to CollapsibleMenuViewItem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added
  * Added ability to select a CollapsibleMenuViewItem when not in a group.
```

Author: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1902/commits/a9820cd176ac0301b8dcdacd01987d8f910511ab Added
